README.md, before:

# autocaption

Add Nice Captions for your video

## 🚀 Updates
**2023.12.20**
- Release of the first version

## 🔗 Requirements

- ImageMagick: download it from the [official imagemagick site](https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php). Follow the instructions appropriate for your operating system.

##  Installation

Clone the repo

    git clone https://github.com/fictions-ai/autocaption

    cd autocaption

Create environment

    python -m venv venv

activate the environment

    venv/Scripts/activate

install

    pip install -r requirements.txt

    

##  Usage

    streamlit run app.py


## Contribution

Your contributions to this project are highly appreciated. When submitting pull requests, kindly include a comprehensive explanation of your modifications

##  License

Copyright 2023 Fictions.ai 

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Cog (#1)
* Initial cog implementation

* Black + isort

* Allow transcript_file_input (skip whisper, provide own transcript)

* Update descriptions

* Update README

README.md, after:

# Cog ⚙️ Autocaption
This is a [https://cog.run](Cog) implementation of [https://github.com/fictions-ai/autocaption](autocaption).


##  Installation

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/chigozienri/autocaption
    cd autocaption
```
##  Usage

```bash
    cog predict -i video_file_input=@path/to/video.mp4
```


## Contribution

Your contributions to this project are highly appreciated. When submitting pull requests, kindly include a comprehensive explanation of your modifications

##  License

Copyright 2023 Fictions.ai 

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
